SBU Computer Science Department Application
The purpose of this application is to inform people about the computer science department here at St. Bonaventure. It is aimed to provide information, as well as show off work that current students are participating in. It is directed towards prospective CS majors at St. Bonaventure. To show how awesome and hands on the learning experience is. 
This application has many different features contained in it. It consists of an office directory, a list of alumna, and also a list of current seniors. Each of these lists can also bring you to a profile of the selected person. There also is a Google map of the campus. It contains a marker showing where the Walsh Science Center. This can be useful to prospects by showing them how to get around and navigate the campus. The app also can also play videos. This is useful to exhibit projects and other related things. This is done by using videos that are currently on YouTube. As of now however, the department does not have too many videos uploaded. 
Another feature of the app is a NFC “Hunt”. It is similar to a scavenger hunt but, it is done using a cell phone with near-field communication. The participants simply look at the clues given by the app, which guides them to the next one. When they find it, simply tap the phone to the NFC “tag” and the next clue displays. When all the clues are found, the hunt is completed. This feature is made to get the users involved while also showing them a fun time. 
Overall, the application is missing some real data. As of now, some of the list/profiles are filled with dummy data. 
